You will be playing Jeopardy in teams. Three teams will play in the first and the other three later in the
day. Each team must select a captain who will be in charge of the buzzer and will be the spokesperson.
There are six categories: Under each column are five clues (phrased in answer form), increasing in value
and difficulty.

The first team to go picks a category and a dollar amount. The host then reads the answer. Once the 
answer is read, a green indicator appears at the bottom of the screen, and the captain for each team may
ring in using the signaling device. If you hit the buzzer before the green indicator appears,  it will 
not work. 

The first contestant to ring in successfully must respond in the form of a question. (What is a governor? 
Who is Hillary Clinton?)

A correct response earns the dollar value of the clue and the opportunity to select the next clue from
the board. 

An incorrect response or a failure to ring in within the time limit deducts the dollar value of the 
clue from the team’s score and gives any remaining opponent(s) the opportunity to ring in and respond. 

If none of the contestants gives a correct response, the host reads
the correct response and the contestant who has most recently given a correct response to a previous
answer chooses the next answer.

When the “Daily Double” screen appears, only the team that selected that category/amount gets to play.
They choose a dollar amount to wager, ranging from $0 to the total they have accumulated. When the 
answer is read, they have the usual amount of time to provide a question. If they are correct, they 
get the amount they wagered; if they are incorrect, they lose that amount, and no other team gets a 
chance to try. The host does not know which question will be the Daily Double, since the choice is 
randomized by the machine and is different every time.
         
Final Jeopardy!  A category is announced by the host. The teams will each agree on and write down a wager, 
based on the category, of as little as $0 or up to as much money as they have accumulated. The contestants
have 30 seconds to write a response, again phrased in the form of a question.